Assignment-1
a)What is happiness?
Ans.The happiness for me is when at the end of the day i have no regret and no any hard feelings for someone.
And the second reason on which my happiness is depends when I follow atleast one step in a day for my goals.
And the third reason when I become happy when I see that my family is happy then automatically I become happy and I am doing all things for 
my family.
And I will more happy in future when I complete my dreams.

b)How to achieve it?
Ans.My dream is to become a software developer for that I am doing somethings.
Everyone know that if you want to become a software developer you have to increase our knowledge in coding field.
For that i have to explore more and more about coding ,Data structures, creative thinking and etc.


Q1)What is Natural Acceptance?
Ans. Natural acceptance is a faculty that is present in each one of us. It is intact and invariant.
We only have to start praying attention to it.
To start,"Seeing" it for example ,ask yourself this question.
Is trust naturally acceptable to me in relationship, or is mistrust naturally acceptable?
what is the answer? It turns out they trust is naturally acceptable to you in relationship.


Q2)How to achieve it and characteristics of natural acceptance?
Ans. 1)It does not change with time,it remains unchange invarient with time.
ex.Our acceptance for values like trust or respect does not change with time.
2)It does not depend on the place,whether you are at any place in the country,your natural acceptance will give you some answer for your queries.
3)It does not depend on our conditioning.Our natural acceptance for any thing does not change.
Ex.If they tell us to disrespect any other religion between we question our deep innerself,the answer will always be different from what is told or preached to us.


Natural acceptance for me                       How to achieve it?
1)Trust in friendship                         Share everything with our friends and do not hide any problem from our friends share every thing (Don't broke the believe of our friends)

2)Respect of everyone (Basically                    Whenever we need to elders act with them with politeness(If you are in the presence of an elder,bepolite) 
the peoples which are the same age of our parents)

3)Care                                              care everyone which is in your contact or close to you(basically of our parents)

4)Guidance 
